

Question 1
An agile project to develop a new application has just finished its first iteration. To better assess marketing and support needs, the company's management 
has requested that the project manager provide a date for when the application can be launched.
What is the best course of action for the project manager?
A.Provide an accurate estimate based on the velocity of the first iteration
B.Request time to develop the project schedule baseline
C.If possible, defer estimating until after a few iterations are completed
D.Provide a random date just to calm the management down

Question 2
A project manager is facilitating a sprint retrospective meeting where the team members discuss customer dissatisfaction from the product increment they 
delivered during the sprint. The discussion reveals some issues with the remote team members who were primarily using email to communicate with the 
rest of the team.
What was the most likely cause the product increment did not meet customer expectations?
A.Failure to respond to changes in scope
B.Non colocated team members
C.Delivering working software in each sprint
D.Demotivated team members

Question3 
A client completed a walkthrough of the deliverables and formally accepted the work. The next day, the project manager returns to the project site to pick 
up company equipment and make arrangements for final payment.
What should the project manager do when meeting the client as part of project closure?
A.Confirm the final acceptance of the deliverable
B.Settle procurement claims
C.Validate the scope objectives have been met
D.Ensure quality assurance was performed

Question 4 
You have just been assigned to an upcoming agile project. As part of pre-project work, you review all of the organization's policies and procedures 
regarding compliance. You realize that only some of them may be applicable to your project.
What should you do first?
A.Switch the project management approach from agile to traditional
B.Incorporate all compliance policies and procedures in the implementation strategy
C.Ensure compliance activities are included in the project schedule baseline
D.Classify the compliance categories to determine the expenditure of project resources

Question 5 
During project execution of a high priority project, a previously identified risk is realized. The project manager sends an email to the risk owner and 
receives an automated response indicating that this individual will be out of the country on vacation for the next two weeks. The risk owner did not 
disclose a backup contact to use during the interim.
What should the project manager do first?
A.Capture the problem in the issue resolution register
B.Update the communications management plan
C.Submit a change request
D.Record the information in the issue log

Question 6 
Two days before the end of the last iteration of the project, a project manager has noticed that the performance of one of the developers significantly 
degraded, risking the iteration goal. The project manager and the developer have a one-on-one coaching meeting scheduled a day after the iteration's end 
date.
What is the best course of action for the project manager to take in this situation?
A.Conduct the individual performance appraisal of the developer
B.Ask the team to swarm on the tasks assigned to the developer
C.Employ real-time feedback to address the issue with the developer
D.Wait for the one-on-one meeting scheduled with the developer

Question 7 
A project manager is facilitating a retrospective for his first agile project. The team members are frustrated that despite the fact they worked individually 
and diligently on the tasks assigned to them by the project manager, the project has been completed late and over budget. The team realizes that excessive 
rework caused the project to miss its objectives.
What might the project manager have done differently to deliver the project on time and budget?
A.Increased the work in progress (WIP) limits on the team's Kanban board
B.Increased the number of developers on the project team
C.Established a war room for the project team to work collaboratively
D.Established a more robust change control process

Question 8 
You are managing a project to develop an e-commerce website. During a review of the functional requirements, the project team realizes the client's 
quality standards for page load speed had not been met.
What should you do first?
A.Escalate the issue to the sponsor to determine next steps.
B.Evaluate the quality requirements against project deliverables to identify gaps.
C.Revise the project schedule to allocate more time for testing.
D.Conduct a lessons-learned session with the team to address the issue.

Question 9 
A project manager invited several vendors to a pre-bid conference. After a private conversation with one of the vendors who had an inquiry about a new 
mandatory government requirement, the project manager sent an email to the vendor to address the question. The project manager realizes that the 
requirement should have been included in the project scope baseline and the statement of work (SOW).
What should the project manager do in this situation?
A.No further action is needed as the vendor's question have been addressed
B.Update the statement of work and the scope baseline, and communicate the changes to all vendors
C.Update the statement of work and the scope baseline, and hold another pre-bid conference
D.Update the SOW, submit a change request to update the scope baseline, and communicate the changes to all vendors

Question 10 
You have been assigned to lead a drug development project for a small pharmaceutical company. The drug development aspect of the project is 
characterized by a high degree of uncertainty. complexity, and risk. The governmental approval process, on the other hand, is highly structured and well 
defined.
What project management approach would you recommend for this project?
A.Agile for the drug development phase, and predictive for the governmental approval process
B.Predictive for the drug development phase, and agile for the governmental approval process
C.Kanban to maximize WIP for compliance activities related to the governmental approval process
D.Crystal clear for both the drug development phase and the governmental approval process

Question 11 
With the seventh sprint completed and three more to go, the performing organization establishes a new policy that all project changes must be approved 
by at least one member of the change control board (CCB). A project manager finds that compliance with the policy will create an impediment to the 
project's progress.
What is the project manager’s best course of action?
A.Submit the change requests after the changes have been implemented to avoid delays
B.Comply with the new policy but request that the product owner be added as a member of the CCB
C.Use discretion and only submit change requests that impact the project budget
D.Adhere to agile best practices and bypass the new change control process

Question 12 
You are planning a kick-off meeting for your new project. The meeting will communicate the start of the project, key milestones, and other relevant 
information. Which of the following best describes the objective of this meeting?
A.Inform and engage stakeholders and gain commitment
B.Manage threats and opportunities throughout the project
C.Ensure that the project is completed on schedule and budget
D.Secure resources required to complete project deliverables

Question 13
A project manager has taken over a project that has been in execution for a few months. He ran into problems right away. He has had difficulty getting sign 
off on decisions; he doesn't have the authority to acquire the equipment necessary for the project; the stakeholders and the project team have differing 
opinions about the objectives and the outcome of the project.
What is the most likely source of these problems?
A.Weak leadership skills
B.Lack of a project charter
C.Lack of a project management plan
D.Lack of a procurement management plan

Question 14
A project manager joined a team that has been working on a project for the last few months. The project manager noticed that the team members were 
struggling to remove impediments, did not have a discipline around time-boxed events, and were not using information radiators to display the project 
status.
What is the best course of action for the project manager to take?
A.Help the team deal with impediments, remind of the importance of time-boxing, and force the team to use information radiators
B.Tell the team to deal with impediments, remind of the importance of time-boxing, and suggest the team to use information radiators
C.Help the team deal with impediments, remind of the importance of time-boxing, and suggest the team to use information radiators
D.Do nothing, since the issues are minor and can be handled by the team because agile teams are self-managing and self-organizing

Question 15
On their first day with the company, the new project manager joins the project that has completed several sprints. At the daily scrum, the team spends over 
an hour arguing about how much unit testing should be completed prior to the start of integration.
How should the project manager address the issue?
A.Suggest a compromise for the reasonable amount of unit testing
B.Take no action since agile teams are self-organizing and self-managing
C.Going forward, enforce a 15-minute time limit for the daily scrum
D.Ask the product owner to account for unit testing in the project backlog

Question 16 
As your project progresses, a team member suggests a minor modification to one of the project deliverables, saying that the modification will improve the 
overall performance of the final product. You believe that the modification constitutes a minor change to the project scope, schedule, and budget, and 
should be approved without going to the change control board. 
What should you do next?
A.Approve the change request. As the project manager, you should use expert judgment to decide what is best for the project.
B.Meet with the change control board members individually and try to persuade them to approve the change request.
C.Submit the change request to the change control board and abide by their decision.
D.Review the change management plan and follow the established process for processing change requests.

Question 17
During project planning, the project manager creates the project schedule using a Gantt chart. Three Scrum teams will develop the project deliverables. 
Due to dependencies, the teams will be required to coordinate their work twice a week using extended standup meetings.
What should the project manager do next?
A.Submit a change request to switch the Gantt chart to burndown chart
B.Include Scrum of Scrums (SoS) meetings in the project schedule
C.Crash the schedule to eliminate the dependencies between the teams
D.Reflect the actual velocity of the teams in the project schedule

Question 18
A project is transitioning to the operations team, and the project manager must outline expectations for the working environment during the knowledge 
transfer. What should the project manager prioritize in this process?
A.Conduct informal meetings with minimal structure to share lessons learned.
B.Ensure a collaborative environment with clear communication and defined roles.
C.Assign only the project sponsor to review the knowledge transfer process.
D.Rely solely on the knowledge management system for transfer without team interaction.

Question 19 
The project manager is 6 months into a multi-million-dollar project. The latest analysis shows a CPI of 1.5 and an SPI of 0.6. What should you do?
A.Nothing. The analysis shows the project is on budget and on schedule.
B.Consider crashing the project schedule
C.Replace one of the higher paid team members with a lower-salaried employee
D.Inform the customer that you are extending the delivery date for the project

Question 20 
The project you are leading is supposed to upgrade the application developed by your company on desktop computers and mobile devices. Last week, a 
major supplier of electronics unexpectedly released a new mobile device. You realize that your application, with a little bit of modification, can run much 
faster and more securely on the new device. 
What should you do next in regards to this opportunity?
A.Create a cost forecast and communicate it to stakeholders
B.Submit a change request to modify the application
C.Update project funding requirements in consideration for the unexpected work
D.Conduct variance analysis for an appropriate reserve amount

Question 21 
The project management plan and the performance measurement baseline have been approved. As you monitor the project's progress, you realize the 
approved budget is limiting the project and will affect the targeted completion date. This constraint could affect the company's success in the new venture.
What is your best course of action?
A.Use the contingency reserves
B.Use the management reserves
C.Cut costs to stay within the budget
D.Ask for a change in the budget

Question 22 
You are leading a project in a small startup company with decentralized purchasing. A supplier informs you that they have excess inventory that can be 
purchased at a reduced price. You review the project's inventory needs and find that most of the excess inventory offered by the supplier can be used for 
the project.
What is your best course of action?
A.Refer the supplier to the project sponsor for procurement
B.Negotiate and sign a procurement contract with the supplier
C.Refer the supplier to the procurement department
D.Refer the supplier to the project management office (PMO)

Question 23 
A project manager is performing quality assurance for a project to develop a prototype medical device. Given the nature of the project, the quality 
standards are very stringent. With no known cause, it becomes apparent that the product quality does not meet project requirements.
What is the best course of action for the project manager to take in this situation?
A.Direct the project team to improve the quality of their work
B.Ask the project sponsor what to do
C.Create an affinity diagram
D.Develop an Ishikawa diagram

Question 24
Late in a project, a key team member leaves the company. The project manager realizes that he does not have enough team members to meet the hard 
deadline. At a weekly status meeting. the project manager discusses several options with his project team, including authorizing additional overtime, hiring 
subcontractors, or bringing in additional resources from another project team within the company.
Which resource management technique does the project manager use?
A.Cost-benefit analysis
B.Alternatives analysis
C.Problem solving
D.Interpersonal skills

Question 25 
Project stakeholders meet to discuss the threat of a severe staff shortage due to a potential union workers strike that might take place during project 
execution. With various response strategies on the table, the stakeholders want to make a decision as to how to address the issue should the threat occur.
What response strategy will the stakeholders be using while deciding to implement one of the following decisions? (Drag and drop the items from right to 
left.)

Question 26 
To comply with the customer's contract, the project must use a certified agile practitioner to lead and coach the project team. However, the only certified 
agile practitioner employed by the company was just assigned to another project. The project manager must now hire an independent contractor to serve 
as the agile coach, which delays the start of project execution. 
Which of the following may have helped to avoid the delay in executing the project?
A.Documenting the potential unavailability of the agile coach in the project assumption log
B.Using different verbiage in the resource management plan to remove the requirement for an agile coach
C.Assigning a different team member from the company to serve as the agile coach
D.Securing the internal agile certified practitioner with a pre-assignment when this requirement was first identified.

Question 27 
A project team that is experienced in the waterfall project management approach has been assigned to their first agile project. To make the transition 
easier, it has been decided to keep some elements of the waterfall approach in place. During the iteration review, it was realized that a misunderstanding 
among the development team has led to a duplication of efforts.
How might the project manager address this issue?
A.Bring up the topic during the upcoming iteration retrospective
B.Do nothing since the team members are transitioning from waterfall to agile
C.Fallback to a waterfall project management framework going forward
D.Submit a change request to update the communications management plan

Question 28 
You are leading a project with a critical time constraint and cannot afford any delays. An argument between two project team members over a minor 
formatting issue in a report they use to document their testing results turns into a shouting match. The team members draw you into their argument. You 
realize that resolving the dispute would delay the project timeline. 
What is your best course of action?
A.Tell the team members to figure it out for themselves
B.Look for an approach that would completely satisfy both team members
C.Request that the team members return to work to avoid any further delays
D.Select the report format that you think is best and make the decision

Question 29 
A project is initiated to deliver a solution comprised of several software modules. Each module represents a subset of the total solution and can be 
developed and released independently. The customer's main focus is on the speed of delivery.
What is the best delivery strategy for the project manager to employ?
A.Utilize an incremental project life cycle with multiple deliveries
B.Employ a predictive approach with a single-phase project
C.Select a hybrid approach and release all modules in a single delivery
D.Outsource the development of each module to a different vendor

Question 30
A project team is installing new workstations across all its office locations. The team notices a lack of communication and coordination, which affects their 
ability to plan support resources effectively and creates frustration.
What action should the project manager take first?
A.Organize a conflict resolution meeting encouraging each team member to discuss concerns and listen to each other's viewpoints.
B.Suggest a more integrated approach to create a scalable, cost-effective setup.
C.Address the team, stressing the importance of collaboration and reminding them of their common goal.
D.Propose regular updates and coordinate meetings, ensuring all team members are kept in the loop.

Question 31 
A project team will work in a noisy environment requiring hearing protection. To communicate in this type of environment, your employer has a mandatory 
proprietary instant messaging mobile phone application that will be installed on the phone of every project team member for the duration of the project.
The requirement to install this messaging application is an example of which of the following?
A.Pull communication
B.Push communication
C.Enterprise environmental factors
D.Communication model

Question 32 
As a project manager, you are leading a colocated project team that will create deliverables in an agile fashion, followed by a rollout phase that will use a 
predictive approach. You are concemed that the transition from agile to waterfall may cause friction within the project team.
With the development phase complete, how might the team's working agreements need to change in this situation?
A.The team charter will need to be updated to reflect collective ownership for the completion of project tasks.
B.The project manager should institute a set of working agreements that worked well on previous waterfall projects.
C.Each project team member will need to develop their own social contract to support the new framework.
D.The social contract should reflect a transition from collective to individual ownership for the project tasks.

Question 33 
A project is plagued by various issues, such as deteriorating team performance, cost and schedule overruns, defective deliverables, etc. The project 
manager is struggling to monitor and control the work and decides to use some of the data analysis techniques to identify the issues and determine the 
best course of action.
How can the project manager use the following techniques to identify the various issues impacting this project? (Drag and drop the items from right to 
left.)

Question 34 
A software development project is in planning. The planning is done traditionally, but the product will be developed incrementally. The project manager 
creates a resource breakdown structure to identify staffing needs, work assignments, and training required for the team members. The project manager 
assigns hierarchical level 1 to individuals in a leading role. 
How should the project manager map the resource breakdown structure's entries to the resource breakdown structure's categories? (Drag and drop the 
items from right to left.)

Question 35 
After reviewing proposals for a large-scale product development project, vendors X and Y are equally qualified to deliver both the hardware and software. 
The project manager believes the hardware should be developed with a traditional project management approach, but the software might be better suited 
to an agile framework.
What is the best course of action?
A.Contract with vendor X for hardware, with vendor Y for software and use the appropriate methodology for each
B.Contract with vendor X for both hardware and software and require an agile framework for the entire project
C.Contract with vendor Y for both hardware and software and require a waterfall approach for the entire project
D.Contract with either vendor X or vendor Y for both hardware and software and utilize a master services agreement

Question 36 
As project execution begins, the project manager acquires the project team and, based on project needs, decides that the team will use Scrum to develop 
the product of the project. After conducting an assessment of the project team's Scrum skillset, the project manager realizes that according to the Shu-Ha-
Ri model, the team is at the Shu level.
What should the project manager recommend to the team?
A.Request project termination
B.Modify Scrum to fit the project needs
C.Develop a new agile method
D.Closely follow Scrum ceremonies

Question 37 
A project manager is currently in the process of determining, documenting, and managing stakeholder needs and requirements. Due to the sensitive nature 
of the project, there is a concern that some stakeholders will not provide candid feedback unless confidentiality is maintained.
What is the project manager's best course of action?
A.Conduct interviews to elicit information from stakeholders by talking to them directly
B.Use brainstorming to generate and collect multiple ideas related to project requirements
C.Hold a focus group to learn about stakeholder expectations and attitudes about the project
D.Use multicriteria decision analysis to provide a systematic analytical approach for establishing criteria

Question 38 
A conflict between the project manager and the team has been going on for a while, negatively impacting the team's morale and jeopardizing the project's 
goals. To find the appropriate conflict resolution technique, the project manager maps the desire to satisfy the parties' concerns on a chart. Based on the 
outcome of this mapping exercise, the project manager decides to seek a collaborative solution.
Given the map below, what letter most likely represents the project manager's decision?
(On the actual PMP exam, you will be requested to click the correct area in the image. But here, please select the answer below.)
A.A 
B.B
C.C
D.D
E.E

Question 39 
A new app is planned to be completed in 11 iterations. After the fifth iteration, a beta version of the app is released to the market to get early feedback. 
The project leader wants to engage with the customers to measure overall satisfaction with the product and gauge the customer's loyalty to the brand.
What is the project leader's best course of action?
A.Determine the net promoter score (NPS®)
B.Develop a prioritization schema
C.Apply the Wideband Delphi technique
D.Utilize impact mapping

Question 40 
For the last few iterations, a stakeholder has been approaching the project manager with a suggestion to modify the way the team carries out its 
development work. According to the stakeholder, the change will save time without affecting the project backlog.
What action should be taken by the project manager?
A.Review the suggestion with the team and allow them to determine the best approach
B.Ask the stakeholder to submit a change request to update the schedule baseline
C.Reject the suggestion to ensure the team is shielded from stakeholder interruptions
D.Use the daily standup meeting as a venue to discuss the suggested change

Question 41 
A team has developed a prototype with a few features of their product. The customer would like to understand a portion of the work. How might the team 
leverage feedback to allow the customer to see a finished piece of the work?
A.Delay the product launch until all the known and unknown feature requirements are understood, then share that with the customer.
B.Release a product with a mix of several features necessary for the initial user validation.
C.Focus solely on delivering all planned features without considering user feedback.
D.Let the team provide the customer with a feature that might help with any needed changes before delivering the final product.

Question 42 
Up until now, your project team has allowed the use of flextime where project team members may take time off during regular business hours and make 
up the time during the evening hours or weekends. Recently, excessive use of flextime has become a roadblock as some team members are not available 
when needed. The team feels they should set a standard that flextime is only to be used for personal emergencies.
How should you handle this situation?
A.Contact the human resources department to update the corporate policies to prohibit flextime
B.Submit a change request to update the team charter based on the team's inputs
C.Discuss the issue with the team and update the team charter accordingly
D.Do nothing as the team has already agreed to use flextime for personal emergencies only

Question 43 
A project manager has developed the following earned value analysis chart for a software development project. 
Based on the current trend, what action should the project manager take immediately?
A.Submit a change request to increase funding for the project
B.Look for options to reduce costs and improve schedule performance to 
meet project objectives
C.No immediate action is required in this case
D.Crash the schedule to bring it back into alignment with project 
objectives

Question 44 
A project has to procure goods and services from a seller. Some aspects of the procurement are well-defined up-front while others will be known only after 
initial deliverables are validated and accepted.
What contracting technique would work best for this procurement?
A.Multi-tiered structure
B.Cost plus award fee
C.Procurement audit
D.Request for quotation

Question 45 
A project requires ongoing stakeholder engagement and needs to respond to high levels of change. The project manager selects a hybrid life cycle for the 
project and prioritizes the work items in a backlog. At the beginning of each iteration, the team determines how many backlog items they can deliver.
Which project management process(es) will the project team need to repeat with each iteration?
A.Processes are not performed on a hybrid project
B.Collect Requirements and Create WBS
C.Identify Stakeholders and Close Project or Phase
D.Collect Requirements and Define Scope

Question 46 
You are the project manager for the initial design phase of a new ergonomic pen. You have conducted multiple interviews with pen users and have tested 
various design concepts. Your most recent design has been verified and accepted by key stakeholders. The pen design is ready to transition to the team 
managing the next phase.
Which of the following should you consult to find out who will take ownership of the pen design?
A.The project management plan
B.The final report
C.The scope statement
D.The communications management plan

Question 47 
During a negotiation with a key stakeholder, the project manager realizes that the stakeholder's primary objective conflicts with the project's constraints. 
How should the project manager proceed to resolve this issue?
A.Propose alternative solutions that align with the project's constraints while partially addressing the stakeholder's objective.
B.Prioritize the stakeholder's objective over the project constraints to maintain the relationship.
C.End the negotiation and escalate the issue to the project sponsor for resolution.
D.Accept the stakeholder's demands and revise the project plan accordingly.

Question 48 
A project manager is implementing the quality management plan for a project to construct a natural gas pipeline. During this process, an internal audit 
discovers that while the project meets all applicable government regulations, there is a discrepancy with ISO 9000 criteria.
Which tailoring consideration did the project manager most likely neglect earlier in the project?
A.Continuous improvement
B.Standards and regulatory compliance
C.Project life cycle
D.Since the project meets all applicable govemment regulations, nothing was missed earlier in the project

Question 49 
The quality management has been perfect for the project up to this point. Suddenly, the quality assurance (QA) lead who developed and performed most 
of the quality activities for the project has been temporarily reassigned to help another project.
What should the project manager do?
A.Submit a change request to adjust the cost baseline and the schedule baseline
B.Request the team to develop replacement quality activities
C.Assign another team member to carry out the originally planned quality activities
D.Pause quality activities until the QA lead returns to the project

Question 50 
The deliverables of a two-year-long project have just been accepted. It is four months late, but the customer is pleased to have it. The project manager is 
glad to be done with the deliverables but is concerned about the cost and schedule overruns. He decides to re-run the initial cost-benefit analysis using the 
actual project costs.
Where should the project manager obtain the initial cost-benefit analysis?
A.From the customer
B.The project charter
C.The business case
D.The benefits management plan

Question 51 
Which leadership behavior is emphasized in an agile environment compared to projects carried out using a traditional project management approach?
A.Enabling team members to act
B.Solving problems for the team
C.Creating working agreements
D.Handling uncertainties and risks

Question 52 
You are leading a project with two dispersed development teams. One team is using traditional waterfall methods, and the other is using XP for product 
development. Budgetary constraints prevent any of the team members from being colocated.
What should you prioritize for team collaboration?
A.Documenting collaboration requirements of the XP team in the communications management plan
B.Setting up remate pairing for the XP team and providing video conferencing capabilities for both teams
C.Allocating dedicated portions of the offices to support the caves and common practice for both teams
D.No specific considerations are required as both teams can learn to collaborate as they do their job

Question 53 
An agile team is trying to determine the ideal iteration length. The team members are having a long and intense argument about it, but no one is willing to 
compromise. The project manager is called in to help resolve the conflict.
What is the best course of action for a project manager?
A.Avoid being involved in the process and let the team work out toward a consensus
B.Recommend evaluating the pros and cons of each one of the suggested iteration lengths
C.Threaten the team with disciplinary actions if they are unable to come to an agreement
D.Break the impasse by making the decision for the team before relationships are damaged

Question 54 
You are leading a project that was supposed to be managed using agile methods. Every week, however, the product owner holds a five-hour backlog 
refinement meeting with the project team where she presents the project scope broken down to the work package level. After three iterations, the project 
team's velocity is slower than expected.
What is your best course of action?
A.Ask the product owner to decompose the scope down to the task level and assign the tasks to the team members
B.Advise the product owner to hold two five-hour backlog refinement meetings per week to gain further clarity on the scope
C.Coach the product owner on presenting the overall story concept with one-hour weekly backlog refinement meetings
D.Hold a team-building exercise with the team members and product owner to improve the communication between them

Question 55 
The project charter has just been approved, and a scrum team has been assigned to the project. The project manager wants to ensure the appropriate 
quality of the project deliverables. 
Of the following, which should the project manager do first?
A.Determine the acceptance criteria by reviewing the detailed requirements outlined in the project charter
B.Create a work breakdown structure (WBS) by decomposing the work down to the work package level
C.Conduct a requirements gathering meeting with relevant stakeholders and determine acceptance criteria
D.Develop a graphical representation of the logical relationships among the various project activities

Question 56 
After completing an iteration, an agile team is planning to hold an iteration review meeting to demonstrate the new product increment developed during 
the iteration. To ensure that relevant stakeholders are invited, the team is classifying all project stakeholders according to the type of requirements the 
stakeholders are likely to be interested in during the demo.
How should the team classify the stakeholders with regard to their requirements? (Drag and drop the items from right to left.)

Question 57 
You are acquiring the necessary resources for your project. The organization where you are employed is an international company with locations in several 
countries. With personnel located around the globe, you will be forming your project team as a virtual team, and the team members will be allowed to 
work from their home offices.
What special considerations do you need to take into account while working with your team?
A.Project expenses
B.Communication planning
C.Pre-assigned team members
D.Team members with disabilities or mobility issues

Question 58 
You are leading a project to develop a product that will be sold through an existing nationwide dealer network. The product will be built incrementally by a 
virtual team, while the dealer training and product rollout processes will be well-defined upfront. You want the dealers to provide the team with regular 
feedback throughout product development.
What is the best strategy to achieve your goal?
A.Suggest that the dealers attend the biweekly iteration retrospective meetings
B.Collect requirements upfront and develop a detailed WBS for product development
C.Invite the dealers to attend product demonstrations via video conference
D.Colocate the dealers with some of the developers for the duration of the project

Question 59 
To develop the product, the project will use new and evolving technology. The work items in the backlog have been estimated and prioritized. After 
completing several sprints, the team has been asked to re-estimate the remaining items in the backlog.
How will the range, accuracy, and confidence of the estimates change?
A.Wider range, greater accuracy, higher confidence
B.Narrower range, poorer accuracy, lower confidence
C.Same range, same accuracy, same confidence
D.Narrower range, greater accuracy, similar confidence

Question 60 
A project manager is determining the budget for a software development project where the product will be built incrementally. Since the project is subject 
to a strict budget, the project manager has to ensure that scope and schedule baselines stay within cost constraints. The project manager includes 
budgetary requirements in the release plan.
How can the information in the release plan help the project manager with managing the project budget?
A.The release plan can become a part of the cost management plan.
B.The velocity can be increased for the project to stay within budget constraints.
C.Release burndown charts can be updated with cost trend lines.
D.Review meetings with stakeholders can be used to discuss the scope and schedule.

Question 61 
A project manager has just received a signed formalized document as an output from one of the initiation processes in her project. This document was 
prepared by someone external to the project and will be utilized as a catalyst for the project to move forward.
Which of the following describes this document?
A.The business case
B.The scope statement
C.The project charter
D.The approved project plan

Question 62
A company operating in a high-tech industry with new technologies emerging every few months charters a project that is expected to have unstable 
requirements for its whole duration. A project manager is assigned, and the sponsor requests the project manager to suggest a strategy that best supports 
the adaptability and resiliency of the project in this environment.
Which of the following capabilities should the project leader leverage for this strategy?
A.Expediting decision making to occur at the first possible moment
B.Acquiring project team members with a highly specialized set of skills
C.Limiting the exposure to tacit knowledge and leveraging explicit knowledge
D.Incorporating short feedback loops to adapt the product and process quickly

Question 63 
Planning is underway for a project to develop a new online collaboration tool. The team will use the eXtreme Programming (XP) method to develop the 
tool, while the deployment to the customers will be managed using a waterfall approach. The project manager wants to gather early customer feedback on 
a working tool to ensure it's aligned with the product vision. 
What is the best course of action?
A.Develop the complete set of features and showcase it at a developer's conference
B.Create a wireframe for the public to use and provide feedback
C.Plan for the development of an MVP for a release to a subset of customers
D.Perform decomposition to create the work breakdown structure

Question 64 
An agile software development project consists of four releases, with features incrementally added with each release. Due to an excessive number of 
defects found by users after the first release, the risk response plan was implemented, which involved more rigorous testing by the project team. After the 
second release, the client has reported two bugs.
What must first be done to determine the effectiveness of the implemented risk response?
A.Schedule a release retrospective
B.Complete a sensitivity analysis
C.Conduct technical performance analysis
D.Perform a reserve analysis

Question 65 
You meet with your team to determine the life cycle for your project. After analyzing the best way to define and manage requirements, develop 
deliverables, handle changes, control risk and cost, and engage key stakeholders, the decision is made to select a hybrid life cycle.
With the project life cycle selected, how will the requirements be managed on your project?
A.Defined during the transition to the customer
B.Elaborated at periodic intervals during delivery
C.Defined up-front before development begins
D.Elaborated as often as needed during delivery

Question 66 
A project manager is reviewing a document where information about problems impacting project performance is recorded and monitored. According to 
the document, a new problem that was logged yesterday by a project team member indicates that delays have just exceeded the established schedule 
variance threshold and corrective action is required. No additional details about the new problem are provided in the document.
What should the project manager do immediately?
A.Assign a responsible party to follow up on the problem
B.Record the disposition of the change request
C.Send the project progress report to the stakeholders
D.Update the lessons learned register

Question 67 
A project manager is leading an agile research and development project. The project team is using a diagram, which breaks down the causes of an 
identified problem into discrete branches to determine the main cause of the problem.
Which diagram might the project team be using in this situation?
A.Pareto diagram
B.Matrix diagram
C.Tornado diagram
D.D Why-why diagram

Question 68 
A project manager is drafting a charter for a software development project and just scheduled a brainstorming meeting to gather relevant information. 
Which of the following activities is the project manager least likely to conduct?
A.Inviting relevant stakeholders to attend the meeting
B.Ensuring that a software engineer joins the meeting
C.Arranging for a facilitator to lead the meeting
D.Following the communications management plan to determine meeting attendees

Question 69 
A new developer joins the project. However, her productivity is limited since she lacks the competency in one of the programming languages. This language 
is not only used on this project but will also be required on future projects. Training costs were not included in the project budget, and the project CPI is 
0.75. 
What is the best course of action for the project manager?
A.Submit a change request to update the development approach
B.Seek approval for the performing organization to absorb the training costs
C.Stop using this programming language on this project
D.Terminate the employment of the new developer and find a replacement

Question 70 
A new program consists of five projects, each performed by a scrum team. Throughout the program life cycle, various deliverables from each of the scrum 
teams will serve as inputs to other teams.
What is the best strategy for each of the project managers to navigate this complexity?
A.Seek the program manager's approval of the deliverables before they move from one team to another
B.Apply systems thinking throughout the project life cycle
C.Request that the product owner prioritizes the least complex user stories in the program backlog
D.Enhance simplicity by minimizing the amount of work not done

Question 71
As a project manager, you are facilitating a retrospective for a sprint that failed to meet all of its objectives. Members of the development team and the 
product owner are arguing over who is responsible for the failure. After performing a root cause analysis, you uncover the source of the conflict.
Of the following, what did you most likely discover?
A.The product owner determined how many user stories were to be completed during the sprint
B.The development team decided how many user stories were to be completed during the sprint
C.You, as the project manager, failed to assign user stories to the development team
D.The Gantt chart did not include enough story paints

Question 72 
During the development of the stakeholder engagement plan, the project manager realizes that a key stakeholder is resistant to the project. Without the 
support of this stakeholder, the project may fail.
What is the best course of action for the project manager to identify the reason for the stakeholder being resistant?
A.Escalate to the project sponsor
B.Update the stakeholder register
C.Use the mind mapping technique
D.Utilize an Ishikawa diagram

Question 73 
An organization wants to undertake its first agile project that will incorporate scrum methods. A project manager is advising the organization on how to 
transition from a predictive framework to scrum. The recently hired developers are all well-versed with agile practices, but the broader internal stakeholder 
community is unfamiliar with scrum.
How might the project manager address this knowledge gap?
A.No action is needed because the developers are all well-versed with scrum
B.Have the stakeholders attend the daily scrum meetings and ask questions about scrum
C.Conduct a seminar with relevant stakeholders covering scrum at a high-level
D.Submit a change request to access contingency reserves to cover scrum training costs

Question 74 
You are leading a meeting with the project sponsor and key stakeholders to review the recently completed project management plan. The goal of the 
meeting is to establish a common understanding of the plan, answer any questions or concerns, and gain formal approval of the project management plan.
Which of the following interpersonal and team skills is the least beneficial to the project manager to use to achieve the meeting's goal?
A.Conflict management
B.Facilitation
C.Meeting management
D.Team building

Question 75 
During the current sprint, the product owner's availability has been limited due to other commitments. At the daily standup, the team members complain 
that they cannot get answers from the product owner, and, as a result, the development of the product increment is delayed.
What is the best course of action for project manager?
A.Let the senior developers make the product decisions
B.Contact the product owner on behalf of the team members
C.Mention the availability issue during the sprint review
D.Discuss the availability issue at the sprint retrospective

Question 76 
You have been requested to fill in for a project manager who has called in sick. As you get yourself familiar with the project team, you notice that the team 
members do not collaborate well, and there are a lot of disagreements and conflicts going on. You feel that the overall environment is counterproductive.
Based on your observations, where is the team on the Tuckman ladder?
(On the actual PMP exam, you will be requested to click the correct area in the image. But here, please select the answer below.)
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.D
E.E

Question 77 
An organization is about to undertake three complex agile projects (scrum) that will have interdependencies between them. Each project has a team 
consisting of six members and is led by a project manager. The projects are part of a bigger program.
What is the best strategy for the program manager to coordinate the work between the projects?
A.Suggest that the project managers establish a scrum of scrums between the projects
B.Allow the project teams to work independently to expedite the delivery of value
C.Combine the project teams into one large scrum team led by a project manager
D.Ensure that all project activities are scheduled during initial project planning

Question 78 
A project manager is estimating the length of time the project will take. The project manager worked on a comparable project two years ago that installed 
10 miles of guardrails at a rate of one mile a day in similar weather conditions, using the same size crew on the same type of highway.
What estimating technique would be the appropriate option for the project manager to use for his duration estimate?
A.Parametric estimating
B.Analogous estimating
C.Bottom-up estimating
D.Three-point estimating

Question 79 
A project manager is considering a change with how costs are controlled on her project. Instead of submitting budget change requests to the CCB, she 
wants to invite stakeholders to the parking lot portion of the daily standups and discuss requested changes there. The project manager meets with the 
stakeholders to propose the process change.
Which of the following arguments would least likely to convince the stakeholders of the benefits of the new process?
A.The cost management and change management plans will be updated to reflect the new process.
B.Earned value analysis data from a previous project will be compared to iterative data accumulation.
C.Only those budget change requests that do not affect the project cost baseline will be discussed.
D.Other project managers in the organization going through similar process changes will be consulted.

Question 80 
As you perform quality assurance for a project to develop a new autopilot feature for a vehicle, you have created the diagram below, which compares the 
vehicle speed with uncommanded lane departures.
What can be said about this diagram?
A.Affinity diagram, which shows a weak correlation between the speed 
and lane departures
B.Scatter diagram, which shows a strong correlation between the speed 
and lane departures
C.Affinity diagram, which shows a strong correlation between the speed 
and lane departures 
D.Scatter diagram, which shows a weak correlation between the speed and 
lane departures

Question 81 
You are leading a hybrid project with an agile team developing the web application and a traditional engineering team designing the servers that will host 
the application. You want to determine what your company says about the use of social media tools to communicate and work with the stakeholders to 
meet their needs and expectations.
What is your best course of action?
A.Review the stakeholder register
B.Check the organizational process assets
C.Consult with the project sponsor
D.Check the lessons learned repository

Question 82 
The plan for the first iteration was to complete 80 story points. However, the team was only able to complete 60. Each story point earns $1,000 for the 
project. The actual cost of the iteration was $70,000. As the iteration retrospective approaches, the scrum master requests that the team prepares all the 
data required to calculate the various earned value metrics. 
At the retrospective, the team determines that the schedule performance index (SPI) of the iteration was __________
(On the actual PMP exam, you will be requested to fill in the blank with the letter representing the correct answer. But here, please select the answer 
below.)
A.1.333
B.0.750
C.1.143
D.0.857

Question 83 
You are leading a complex project with a schedule baseline that cannot be modified due to external constraints. The scope, however, is flexible. The project 
deliverables are produced by three development teams that work independently from one another. The teams manage their workflow using Kanban.
Which of the following is the most effective tool for you to use to measure the project's progress?
A.Feature chart
B.Burndown chart
C.Burnup chart
D.Cumulative flow diagram

Question 84 
Your project team functions as a well-organized unit. The team members are interdependent and work through issues smoothly and effectively. 
What is your best course of action?
A.Provide clear direction on the project objectives and the behavior expected from the team members
B.Help the team to get through their struggle by ensuring they listen to each other and understand their differences
C.Ensure the team resolves conflicts quickly and continues to work collaboratively and step in only when needed
D.Serve as a gateway between the project team and the stakeholders and delegate decision making to the team members

Question 85 
A project team is using the Stacey Complexity Model to evaluate the degree of uncertainty in the project and select the appropriate project life cycle. The 
team maps the technical degree of uncertainty on the horizontal axis and requirements' uncertainty on the vertical axis. The resulting mapping suggests 
that a predictive life cycle would work best for this project.
Where on the Stacey Complexity Model did the team most likely map the project?
(On the actual PMP exam, you will be requested to click the correct area in the image. But here, please select the answer below.)
A.A
B.B
C.C
D.D

Question 86 
Development team members argue with the product owner who rejected a deliverable the team developed during the recent iteration. The project 
manager schedules a meeting with the team, product owner, and other relevant stakeholders to break down the situation and identify the root cause of a 
misunderstanding.
Which of the following will be considered an antipattern if used during the meeting?
A.Drawing a fishbone diagram
B.Using the five whys method
C.Maximizing the number of action items
D.Defining the problem statement

Question 87 
You have been assigned to lead an initiative for which the business case has not been sufficiently made to get approval to initiate a hybrid project. In some 
of the past projects, teams realized too late into project execution that no one in the company had the skills needed to build some of the features, so it was 
developed by a contractor, resulting in cost overruns.
What would you do differently in your assignment to avoid cost overruns?
A.Start with a proof of concept
B.Use burndown charts for reporting
C.Develop a project charter
D.Encourage tearn knowledge sharing

Question 88 
While reviewing a project's progress, the project manager discovers inconsistencies between the project management plan and the project's actual 
performance. She now needs to determine corrective actions to minimize the impact of the inconsistencies on the project.
In what project document would she have documented the inconsistencies and would look at to review them?
A.Stakeholder register
B.Change log
C.Assumption log
D.Issue log

Question 89 
You are leading an off-grid housing construction project. Each of the ten homes in the development will have solar shingles to generate energy and a novel 
energy storage system. The performing organization is highly experienced with traditional construction methods, but this is their first project to incorporate 
energy generation and storage.
How might you best support continuous improvement efforts throughout the project?
A.Construct the homes sequentially using a predictive model and hold a retrospective after the completion of each home
B.Review the lessons learned repository during project planning and apply the knowledge gained during project execution
C.Build all of the homes concurrently using a predictive approach and update the lessons learned register continuously
D.Utilize an incremental project management approach for the development of the homes and hold a project retrospective

Question 90 
A project team is developing an e-commerce tool that includes an online store, payment system, client chat feature, and mobile application. The team must 
ensure this is thoroughly planned and developed based on continuous feedback and evolving requirements.
What would the team consider next after the high-level requirements and scope have been determined?
A.Develop prototypes of the online store to visualize the layout and functionality of the tool.
B.Set up each phase's initial milestones and deliverables and determine the feature development priority.
C.Begin the development sprints that kick off the process of coding the online store.
D.Revise and update the project plan based on the feedback received during development.

Question 91 
A senior executive suggests initiating a project to replace a significant portion of the company's labor force with an automated production line. Other 
company executives are skeptical that this approach is the best way to increase profit margins and wonder if they are ready to sponsor such an effort.
What is the first thing that should be done in this scenario?
A.Performing a needs assessment
B.Consulting with the project management office
C.Appointing a project sponsor to create a project charter
D.Providing a project manager with the authority to apply organizational resources

Question 92 
Gold plating had been an issue with your current software development project. However, you found that ever since instituting daily stand-up meetings, no 
more features or functionalities that the customer did not request have been introduced into the project.
What is your best course of action to prevent gold plating for the remainder of the current project and on future projects?
A.Bring up the topic during the project retrospective
B.Capture the best practice in the lessons learned register
C.Gold plating adds customer value and should not be prevented
D.Ensure that the scope management plan includes daily stand-up meetings

Question 93 
It has been decided that the project will be managed using waterfall. However, due to ambiguous requirements, the software will be developed in short 
iterations using Scrum. After acquiring a team from within the organization, the project manager realizes that the organization lacks technical expertise in 
several key areas and will require external resources from a vendor. The organization, however, wants to preserve its strategic discretion on the work 
performed.
What is the best contracting technique for the project manager to maximize collaboration with the vendor?
A.Team augmentation
B.Early cancellation option
C.Fixed-price increments
D.Not-to-exceed time and materials

Question 94 
A project manager is assigned to an agile software development project for a large banking corporation. With the project just getting underway, the project 
manager has learned about new hacking tactics that present a potential threat to regulatory compliance for the project.
What should the project manager do next?
A.Review the risks during the project retrospective
B.Analyze the consequences of non-compliance
C.Submit a change request to update the risk management plan
D.Develop a cumulative flow diagram

Question 95 
A PMO steeped in traditional waterfall project management has hired you, as a project manager, to guide the organization's transformation to agile. After 
completing an initial assessment of the organizational culture, you have realized that many of the stakeholders are resistant to the change.
What is your best course of action?
A.Provide training to ensure the employees are more highly specialized
B.Transition all projects to agile at the same time
C.Seek a high-level executive willing to champion the cause
D.Ensure the work is decomposed into silos

Question 96 
You are managing a project to launch a new product. During a project review meeting, the stakeholders requested faster value delivery. To align with this 
goal, the team proposes breaking the project into smaller deliverables.
What should you do next?
A.Approve the smaller deliverables and schedule immediate delivery.
B.Assess opportunities to deliver incremental value while aligning with project objectives.
C.Escalate the stakeholder request to the sponsor for approval.
D.Maintain the original scope to ensure completeness before delivery.

Question 97 
Your project is running behind schedule. To bring the timeline back into alignment with the project management plan, you need some of your project team 
members to work extra hours. In order to motivate your team, you offer each team member two tickets to a popular sporting event if they work a weekend 
shift.
What type of power are you using in this situation?
A.Managerial
B.Charismatic
C.Persuasive
D.Reward-oriented

Question 98 
Near the end of an iteration, the project team is ready to lead a product review with the product manager. What is the objective of the review?
A.Validate the product scope
B.Manage product quality
C.Control the product scope
D.Close the project or phase

Question 99 
A project produces a functional deliverable at the end of each iteration. The team holds an iteration review where the deliverable is demonstrated to the 
relevant stakeholders. After the demonstration, the product owner, in collaboration with the team, prioritizes the items in the project backlog for the next 
iteration.
What development approach is described in the scenario and what, if any, step is missing?
A.Predictive; sponsor approves the deliverable.
B.Adaptive; stakeholders provide feedback.
C.Hybrid; team holds an iteration retrospective.
D.Adaptive; no steps are missing.

Question 100 
In their first iteration, an agile team completed only half of the planned work. It turns out that before the current project began, the team members were 
requested to provide ongoing support for the prior release. Angry project stakeholders meet with the project manager and complain that supporting prior 
releases should have never been included in the project plans. 
How should the project manager respond?
A.Agree with the stakeholders and remove all further support work from the next iterations
B.Ignore the stakeholders' complain and instruct the team to continue supporting the prior releases
C.Explain that routine work of supporting prior releases may be included in project plans
D.Request that from now on the team work overtime to complete both the planned work and support

Question 101 
You are managing a virtual project team across multiple time zones. As the project progresses, the team members learn to trust one another and adjust 
their work routines to accommodate the different time zones, work habits, and culture.
What stage of team development is being demonstrated in this situation?
A.Forming
B.Storming
C.Performing
D.Norming

Question 102 
A robotic arm will be developed in 12 one-month sprints, with each sprint adding a new movement capability. The materials for the arm are rare and in low 
global supply, therefore, the company wants to ensure that scrap and waste are minimized.
What should the project manager do before the first sprint starts?
A.Develop a logistics plan including supporting documentation
B.Suggest increasing the sprint length to deliver more value in each sprint
C.Remove the most wasteful user stories from the project backlog
D.Hold a bidder conference to procure the materials needed for the project

Question 103 
You and your team are currently developing the stakeholder engagement plan. A project team member has already created the stakeholder engagement 
assessment matrix below. Which answer choice represents the most important element to be included in the stakeholder engagement plan?
A.A plan to improve Marie Smith's engagement level
B.An engagement level improvement plan for Todd Young
C.A strategy to address the engagement level of John Snow
D.A strategy to improve the engagement level of Tonya Stewart

Question 104 
During a key stakeholder presentation, the project manager notices some attendees appear disengaged and confused. No feedback is provided after the 
presentation. 
What is the best action for the project manager to take?
A.Assume the stakeholders understood the presentation and move forward.
B.Send an email asking stakeholders for feedback and questions.
C.Schedule a follow-up meeting to clarify and confirm stakeholder understanding.
D.Revise the project documentation and resend it to stakeholders for review.

Question 105 
A project manager is explaining the roles and responsibilities for quality assurance with the project team. Who will play a role in this process?
A.The project manager, project team, and management of the performing organization
B.The project sponsor along with the project manager and project team
C.The project manager along with the project team
D.The project manager, project team, project sponsor, management of the performing organization, and the customer

Question 106 
You are creating the schedule to deploy a new ERP software in your company. The company is currently undergoing an agile transformation, so it was 
decided to develop the new ERP iteratively. The first release of the ERP should be rolled out in four months, and you know that another project, a 
company-wide operating system upgrade, is scheduled in three months. 
With the upgrade project affecting your schedule, an impact on which of the following should you assess to determine the number of iterations until 
rollout?
A.Release planning
B.Product roadmap
C.Iteration backlogs
D.Project charter

Question 107 
The first phase of a software development project that was conducted using a predictive project management approach is over. The project enters its 
second phase which will require the project team to utilize an eXtreme Programming (XP) method to develop the rest of the product.
How might the team ground rules need to be updated?
A.Acceptance of collective responsibility for the project's deliverables
B.Addition of agreements for working in a virtual environment
C.The ground rules will no longer be needed as the team will use XP
D.Accountability for the creation of highly detailed documentation

Question 108 
An organization has established a controlling project management office (PMO). The first task of the PMO is to update the guidelines for project 
compliance in the organization. 
Which of the following could the PMO enforce? (Choose three.)
A.Use of particular project management methodologies
B.Adoption of specific templates, forms, and tools
C.Adherence to local health regulations
D.Conformance to governance frameworks
E.Assignment of project managers by the PMO
F.Release of management reserves

Question 109 
The agile project team members are all working in an open office space arrangement. There are many conversations happening concurrently throughout 
the day. 
Which of the following is the best option for the project manager?
A.Schedule frequent team checkpoints and post project artifacts in a transparent fashion
B.Request team members to hold off their conversations until formal meeting times
C.Record the conversations and post them in a shared repository
D.Designate afternoons as quiet work times

Question 110 
A project manager is analyzing the communication needs of stakeholders in order to develop the communications management plan for a project that will 
use a hybrid project management framework. The project manager understands that the plan should accommodate the needs of both predictive and agile 
aspects of the project.
How should the plan accommodate the agile aspects of this project?
A.Account for an increased exchange of documentation
B.Specify the exact number of communication channels
C.Secure facilities to support face-to-face interactions
D.Deploy the project management information systems (PMIS)

Question 111 
You are managing a project, and members of your project team are at odds about the tasks they are assigned. Disagreements between the team members 
have escalated and have created a reduction in performance across the project.
Which of the following would be most useful in addressing the team's issues to get the project back on track?
A.Networking
B.Recognition and rewards
C.Training
D.Conflict management

Question 112 
A project manager/agile leader has been nurturing and growing team members through and beyond their current roles. This helped several team members 
to develop their personal and professional skills to the level where they felt that they outgrew their roles. Eventually, some of them left the team to pursue 
new opportunities within the organization and outside of it.
Was the project manager/agile leader right in her approach?
A.No, agile leaders must ensure the team members never leave their teams
B.Yes, agile leaders should develop team members even if that means losing them
C.No, agile leaders may develop team members but not beyond their current roles
D.Yes, agile leaders have to make sure team members eventually leave the team

Question 113 
A new smartphone will be developed by two teams: a hardware team that will use a predictive project management approach and a software team that 
will use an agile framework. Each team is colocated but resides in two different parts of the country. The teams will need to coordinate their activities very 
closely, but bringing them together in one location is not an option.
What should the project manager do to create the most collaborative environment?
A.Use a blended agile approach
B.Create a fishbowl window
C.Transition the hardware team to agile
D.Implement caves and common

Question 114 
A project has been experiencing many challenges and obstacles that have resulted in schedule delays and cost overruns. During the sprint retrospective, 
the project team members are looking for ways to improve project performance from the next sprint onward. The team wants to be able to absorb 
negative impacts and recover from them quicker.
What might the project leader suggest to the team?
A.Improve resiliency by anticipating numerous potential scenarios and preparing for multiple eventualities
B.Develop the project deliverables using an iterative and incremental project development approach
C.Starting from the next sprint planning, help the team envision deliverables rather than outcomes 
D.Report the impediments to all project stakeholders and request improvement suggestions

Question 115 
You are a project manager leading an agile project team that has been consistently meeting the goals set for each iteration. The product owner is pleased 
with the team's progress, and the performance measurement baseline shows no deviations. However, you feel that one team member is less productive 
than the others.
What is the most appropriate feedback approach for you to take in this situation?
A.Allow the project team members to address the issue if they deem necessary
B.Direct the underperforming team member to work extra hours to bridge the gap
C.Call out the team member's low productivity at the upcoming iteration retrospective
D.From the next iteration onward, assign the team member the easiest user stories

Question 116 
Monthly audits were performed to determine if project activities comply with corporate policies, procedures, and best practices. Throughout the project, 
the results of the monthly audits indicated that the team was in compliance. However, at the end of the project, it was determined that some of the project 
activities did not comply with organizational policies.
What most likely caused these compliance gaps to be missed during the audits?
A.The audits were conducted by the company's internal audit department
B.The audits were conducted by one of the project team members
C.The audits were conducted by the project management office (PMO)
D.The audits were conducted by an auditor external to the organization

Question 117 
You are new to the organization and have been given a few weeks to get yourself settled before starting your project in a role of a project manager. During 
this period, you realize that you have no authority over resources, the staff members are grouped by specialty, the budget is under the full control of those 
groups' managers, and you, as a project manager, are only required to dedicate part of your time to perform the project work.
What type of an organization are you working in?
A.Weak matrix
B.Functional
C.Balanced matrix
D.Projectized

Question 118 
Two project team members are having a disagreement over how to approach a minor technical detail. The project manager has little experience working 
with them, and her technical knowledge is limited.
What is the best action for the project manager to take?
A.Abide by the decision of the most senior team member
B.Avoid being involved in the discussion and decision making
C.Stop the discussion and direct the team members to get back to work
D.Request the human resource department's representative to step in

Question 119 
While monitoring project work, the project manager notices an increase in actual costs that have not been accounted for in the original budget. To 
understand whether a change request to update the cost baseline should be submitted, the project manager gathers raw observations and measurements 
of all of the costs that have been authorized, incurred, invoiced, and paid. 
What has the project manager gathered?
A.Planned value
B.Earned value
C.Work performance information
D.Work performance data

Question 120 
An agile team is tasked with the development of a robot. The project manager wants to ensure that before the actual robot is built, the team receives early 
feedback on requirements and adapts the design accordingly.
Which of the following should the team use to address the project manager's request?
A.Prototyping
B.Design review
C.Checklists
D.Business case

Question 121 
The project team has just completed its fourth sprint. While reviewing the project's progress, you determine that the team's average velocity is 25 points 
per sprint, and the team has earned 1/3 of the total number of story points required to complete the entire project. The average cost per story point is 
$575.
What is the estimate to complete the remaining work?
A.$57,500
B.$115,000
C.$14,375
D.$172,500

Question 122
The PMBOK Guide defines project charter as a document that formally authorizes the existence of a project and provides the project manager with the 
authority to apply organizational resources to project activities.
Developing project charters on agile projects:
A.Must follow the PMBOK® Guide processes
B.Must not follow the PMBOK® Guide processes
C.Is not required because Agile is paperless
D.Does not necessarily require a formal document

Question 123 
In order to take advantage of the best talent available, a project manager recruits developers internationally rather than just locally. She is delighted to have 
acquired such highly skilled individuals but now needs to develop them into a cohesive team. Ideally, the project manager would like to bring everyone 
together at the home office, but the project budget does not allow for travel expenses.
What is the best tool or technique for the project manager to use in this situation?
A.Sensitivity analysis
B.Recognition and rewards
C.Virtual teams
D.Colocation

Question 124 
You are leading two independent teams working on the same project. The nature of the deliverables requires that one team takes a predictive approach, 
while the other uses scrum. Due to dependencies between the teams and the variable nature of the outputs from the scrum team, the predictive team 
needs to confirm their understanding of the scrum team's activities with the shortest feedback loop possible.
What is your best course of action?
A.Include a project retrospective into the project schedule
B.Request that the scrum team use information radiators
C.Incorporate the use of periodic customer feedback loops
D.Have the predictive team attend the daily scrum meetings

Question 125 
To better use existing knowledge and to create new knowledge for a project, the project manager is looking for ways to identify any knowledge gaps. 
Which of the following would help the project manager the most to complete this process?
A.Bid documents
B.Resource breakdown structure
C.Quality metrics
D.To-complete performance index

Question 126 
You are leading a construction project that involves a vendor. A team member tells you that based on the rough assessment of the vendor's current work in 
progress, she suspects that the vendor will be unable to complete their work on time. You share your concerns with the vendor, but they claim that they 
are progressing as planned.
What is your best course of action to ensure a mutual understanding of the work in progress?
A.Conduct a walkthrough
B.Perform an earned value analysis (EVA)
C.Conduct an audit
D.Resort to alternative dispute resolution (ADR)

Question 127 
The project manager and a stakeholder get into a heated debate about the stakeholder's idea requiring a scope change to the project. The project manager 
says the change will not be implemented and that the stakeholder must drop the idea. The project manager emphasizes that she is the project manager 
and the decision is final.
Should the project manager have responded differently to resolve the conflict?
A.No. The project manager has the formal authority to make the final decision.
B.Yes. The project manager should have discussed the idea with other stakeholders.
C.No. The project manager demonstrated the culture in which the company works.
D.Yes. The project manager should have compromised with the stakeholder.

Question 128 
A software development project will use an iterative and incremental approach to produce project deliverables. What planning strategy would work best 
for this project?
A.Decomposing epics into features and further into user stories
B.Outsourcing project planning to an external subject matter expert
C.Breaking down high-level deliverables into work packages
D.Planning product scope and refraining from planning project scope

Question 129 
A software development project operates in an uncertain and rapidly changing environment. Competitors are constantly releasing new products with 
features more advanced than those developed by the team. To keep up with the market, the sprint plans are continuously updated. The project manager is 
concerned that the project is in danger due to "done drift". 
What decision will the project manager have to make under these circumstances?
A.How to keep the team motivated despite more advanced features developed by competitors
B.When to switch from the adaptive to predictive development approach to prevent further changes
C.What to do with the knowledge gained during the sprint retrospective meetings
D.Whether to release the product as-is or continue updating the features prior to launch

Question 130 
A project manager has just calculated the project performance measurements, and the project's current cost performance index (CPI) is 0.9 while the 
schedule performance index (SPI) is 1.1. 
Which of the following is correct regarding the project's performance status?
A.Over budget and ahead of schedule
B.Under budget and behind schedule
C.Over budget and behind schedule
D.Under budget and ahead of schedule

Question 131
You are leading a software development project for a client. The change control board (CCB) has been inundated with change requests from the client 
throughout the project as the product has evolved. This situation drives the team crazy and makes controlling the project scope extremely challenging and 
time-consuming.
Which of the following tailoring considerations might you have missed earlier in the project?
A.Diversity
B.Stability of requirements
C.Physical location
D.Validation and control

Question 132 
As the project manager, you are developing a draft of the document that authorizes a new software development project. You have reviewed the 
agreements and both business documents. 
What else should be done as part of this process?
A.Identify stakeholders and prepare the stakeholder register
B.Study the governance functions and processes to provide guidance and decision making
C.Update the business documents to correct any errors
D.Review the benefits management plan

Question 133 
You are managing a project that is nearing its end. You have been reviewing the project management plan to ensure that all the project work is completed 
and that the project has met its objectives. The next thing you need to do before moving on to the next project is to complete the administrative closure of 
the project.
Which of the following activities will not be performed as part of this process?
A.Closing seller contracts
B.Handing over the project deliverables to operations
C.Transferring the knowledge gained to the lessons learned repository
D.Measuring stakeholder satisfaction

Question 134 
You are leading a software development project, which requires knowledge of several programming languages. During project execution, one of the 
developers has been pulled out of the project by her functional manager. The manager provided you with another developer instead.
What should you do first?
A.Provide the new developer with an ability test
B.Introduce the new developer to the project sponsor
C.Schedule training for the new developer
D.Assign the developer the next user story in the backlog

Question 135 
An organization is transitioning from predictive project management to agile. As a project manager, your upcoming project will require compliance 
reporting that will need to be submitted to internal auditors due to regulatory oversight.
How might you address the need for compliance reporting in this hybrid environment?
A.Work with the auditors to streamline the process
B.Task one of the team members to complete the compliance reporting
C.Transfer the responsibility of compliance reporting to the legal department
D.Avoid agile as it not suitable for projects that operate in a regulatory environment

Question 136 
Two project team members have had frequent clashes, which have at times resulted in shouting matches during team meetings. The project manager has 
intervened, asked them to resolve their differences, and even facilitated a meeting between them, but things have gotten worse. The project manager is 
concerned that the situation is negatively affecting team cohesion and is placing the successful completion of the project at risk.
What should the project manager do next?
A.Use formal procedures including disciplinary actions
B.Allow the team members to resolve their differences on their own
C.Facilitate another meeting between the two team members
D.Request that the other project team members intercede as a form of peer pressure

Question 137 
You are attempting to coordinate activities between your project, another related project, and operations, all of which are being managed as a group. A 
conflict has arisen over control of a key resource that is vital to both projects as well as operations. The conflict has reached an impasse and needs to be 
resolved by a higher authority.
What is your best course of action?
A.Discuss the problem with the portfolio manager
B.Escalate the issue to the operations manager
C.Raise the issue with the other project manager
D.Request help from the project management office

Question 138 
You are a senior project manager who is mentoring a newly promoted project manager. Your mentee states that she has recurring arguments with her 
project team and is having difficulty controlling her own temper. This situation has created a toxic environment for the project team and threatens the 
successful completion of the project.
What is the best advice for your mentee?
A.Improve leadership skills
B.Develop emotional intelligence
C.Study conflict management
D.Introduce recognition and rewards

Question 139 
You are leading a software development project, which is utilizing an agile framework. While monitoring the progress of the project, it is apparent that 
velocity is trending down, and you are aware of some setbacks that have been encountered by the development team. You want to capture and analyze 
lessons learned so far during the project to improve the process going forward. 
What is the best way to achieve this goal?
A.Perform a sprint review
B.Schedule a sprint planning meeting
C.Conduct an iteration retrospective
D.Lessons learned are not utilized on agile projects

Question 140 
A project manager creates a procurement statement of work (SOW) from the project scope baseline. The scope of the SOW, however, is not yet well 
defined, therefore the project manager decides to contract with a vendor to provide an agile team of programmers. The contract is structured with fixed-
price increments based on user stories.
How might the project manager verify that the vendor has met the contractual obligations?
A.Wait until the team completes the development of all user stories specified in the SOW
B.Request the product owner to approve or reject user stories during a sprint review
C.Validate the user stories as soon as they are completed at any point during a sprint 
D.Conduct a procurement audit with the vendor each time a sprint retrospective is held

Question 141 
A multi-phase project is facing significant budgetary challenges due to fluctuating material costs. The project manager anticipates this issue will persist in 
future phases. 
What proactive measure should the project manager implement to minimize budget impact?
A.Increase contingency reserves for all future phases.
B.Use predictive analysis to forecast future cost variations and negotiate fixed-price contracts.
C.Request a larger overall budget to account for uncertainties.
D.Delay purchasing materials until costs stabilize.

Question 142 
An agile project manager is working with stakeholders to develop the project vision for inclusion in the project charter and wants to ensure that regulatory 
compliance measures are incorporated into the project requirements.
How might the agile project manager analyze the consequences of non-compliance?
A.Facilitate a project post-mortem
B.Play a session of "remember the future"
C.Lead a round of planning poker
D.Conduct a t-shirt sizing exercise

Question 143 
A project to develop a critical safety system requires that there are no escaped defects. The system will be developed over the course of several iterations, 
and the project leader wants defects to be caught proactively and fixed as the code is being written.
What is the project leader's best course of action?
A.Include a user story for smoke testing in every sprint
B.Do not allow changes after the system design is approved
C.Employ continuous integration of product increments
D.Request that developers work in pairs while creating software

Question 144 
During a critical phase of a software development project, a project manager notices that team members frequently interrupt each other in meetings, fail 
to document key decisions, and miss agreed-upon deadlines. The project team had previously established ground rules to ensure effective communication, 
timely task completion, and professional conduct. Despite these agreements, adherence has been inconsistent, leading to frustration among some 
stakeholders.
What should the project manager do to ensure team members consistently follow the established ground rules?
A.Conduct periodic assessments and provide feedback on adherence to ground rules.
B.Assume team members will naturally adhere once the rules are set.
C.Only address violations when team performance is negatively impacted.
D.Replace team members who fail to comply with ground rules.

Question 145 
Four vendors have responded to a bid request on your project. Which of the following vendors should you select based on the expected monetary value 
(EMV)?
A.Vendor 1 with an 80% probability of success and profit of $20,000
B.Vendor 2 with a 90% probability of success and profit of $19,000
C.Vendor 3 with a 75% probability of success and profit of $18,000 
D.Vendor 4 with an 85% probability of success and profit of $20,000

Question 146 
A project manager is leading a product development project, which will use an agile framework. The project team and other stakeholders are co-located at 
the company's corporate office. 
What is the best way for the project manager to communicate the project status and promote transparency?
A.Reserve a conference room and invite all relevant stakeholders to monthly project status meetings
B.Post burndown charts and other project status documents to the company's intranet site
C.Share the appropriate information whenever requested by stakeholders
D.Display burndown charts and other relevant project artifacts in a highly visible location

Question 147 
After an agile team completes three iterations, the project manager determines that the average velocity of the team for these three iterations was 30 
story points. There are 292 more story points to complete the remaining portion of the project.
How many additional iterations will it take for the team to complete the project?
A.7 iterations
B.8 iterations
C.9 iterations
D.10 iterations

Question 148 
A project manager is conducting a daily standup. Each member of the development team states that their work has been stalled due to various blockers. As 
a result, the entire development team has been idled, and the schedule baseline is in jeopardy.
What should the project manager do first?
A.Attempt to resolve the problems during the meeting
B.Analyze and prioritize the blockers
C.Assign the team to work on another project in the meanwhile
D.Escalate the issue to the project sponsor

Question 149 
Midway into project execution, a key stakeholder leaves the company. A new stakeholder fills in the vacant role. The project manager understands that the 
stakeholder engagement plan should be updated to reflect the strategies and actions required to involve the new stakeholder in the project. The project 
manager meets with the new stakeholder for an interview. 
Which of the following questions would be the most helpful for the project manager in updating the plan? (Choose four.)
A.Have you ever managed a project before?
B.How much risk are you willing to take for an anticipated benefit?
C.What position did you hold in your previous company?
D.What are your communication preferences?
E.Do you have any lessons learned to share from your previous projects?
F.Do you think it was the right thing to undertake the project?

Question 150 
For the third consecutive time, at the end of each iteration, a software application developed by the team fails a review by the quality assurance 
department. This situation causes rework for the product and a delay in the project schedule. The project manager wants to reduce the feedback loop to 
the shortest possible interval.
What is the best course of action for the project manager?
A.Shorten the iteration length
B.Reduce the size of the user stories
C.Revise the schedule baseline
D.Suggest pair programming to the team

Question 151 
You have joined a project in which requirements are elaborated at several intervals during delivery, and the delivery is divided into subsets of the overall 
product. Change is incorporated at periodic intervals, and risk and cost are controlled by progressively elaborating the plans with new information. Key 
stakeholders are regularly involved.
What development approach is used on your project?
A.Agile
B.Predictive
C.Hybrid
D.Periodic

Question 152 
A team of generalizing specialists with expertise in adaptive organizational change is assigned to a project that will change the organizational structure from 
a weak matrix to a project-oriented organizational type. The product owner is concerned that the broad impact of the change will cause significant 
resistance by those affected by the change.
What is the best strategy for the project team to assist with change adoption?
A.Keep the project confidential until the effective date of the reorganization
B.Appoint a change control board to review and decide on changes
C.Reassure the project managers that their scope of authority will not change
D.Incorporate stakeholder engagement and motivational approaches

Question 153 
APM has been given a project where a company is developing a medical device that monitors patients' vital signs in real-time and integrates with an 
application for remote monitoring by healthcare providers. The device has a target end date, but the application is missing some development provisions.
What approach might work best for the team?
A.Use a waterfall approach that meets the end date and regulatory standards and an adaptive methodology that addresses the missing development 
provisions and allows the team to incorporate user feedback iteratively.
B.Create an approach ensuring the hardware and software follow a strict sequential development plan.
C.Create an adaptive approach that allows the team to iteratively develop the project's hardware and software to meet its fixed end date and regulatory 
standards.
D.Rely solely on a phased approach that will allow the PM to segment the project into distinct stages, allowing flexibility in adapting the application 
development process based on evolving user feedback.

Question 154 
You are managing a project team that has recently been expanded by new team members working remotely from another country. Their roles have been 
outlined to form a preliminary team charter. Nevertheless, you have noticed a considerable lack of acceptance of cultural differences in the team, resulting 
in frequent conflicts.
Which of the following techniques could help you in this situation? (Choose three.)
A.Focus groups
B.Role definition
C.Ground rules
D.Ability tests
E.Meetings

Question 155 
To engage the newly identified stakeholders in the project at the earliest opportunity, the scrum master suggests inviting them to the upcoming sprint 
review meeting to demonstrate to the stakeholders that the team is moving in the right direction and get feedback from the stakeholders about what the 
team has accomplished.
Which of the following is another reason for inviting the stakeholders to this meeting?
A.To reflect on the team performance
B.To prioritize high-risk user stories for the next sprint
C.To reprioritize the release backlog
D.To discuss the high-level plans for the next sprint

Question 156 
You have been provided a list of concerns some stakeholders have with your project. You meet with them to address the concerns in hopes of gaining their 
support and cooperation. You pay close attention by actively and effectively listening. You focus on each person's input to ensure you are aware of and are 
taking all perspectives into consideration. You then clearly articulate your point and your position and ask for their support.
Which tool or technique best describes the skills you are using?
A.Influencing
B.Team performance assessments
C.Conflict management
D.Cultural awareness

Question 157 
As a project manager, you are in the process of estimating the team resources that will be required for your project. The challenge you are having is that, 
due to the nature of the project and the selected development approach, only a few of the top levels of the WBS have been identified with the remainder 
to be progressively elaborated throughout the project.
What is the best approach to determine the team resource requirements for the project?
A.Check the organizational process assets for similar projects and use analogous estimating
B.Apply bottom-up estimating using the work breakdown structure (WBS) as a guide
C.Utilize parametric estimating for the individual work packages within the existing WBS
D.Decompose the WBS down to the work package level during initial project planning

Question 158 
As a project manager, you recently completed a project team performance appraisal, and a previously unknown competency gap in technical skills was 
uncovered, which needs to be addressed.
What should you do next?
A.Implement the response planned for this risk
B.Conduct unplanned training to address the competency gap
C.Consult the training management plan
D.Let go of the staff who have technical skill gaps

Question 159 
The project manager is struggling to gain buy-in from a critical stakeholder group. Despite repeated engagement attempts, they remain skeptical of the 
project's value to their department. 
What should the project manager prioritize to gain trust and influence this group?
A.Highlight the project's alignment with their department's strategic goals.
B.Emphasize the project's benefits to other stakeholders.
C.Assign project tasks to this stakeholder group to increase their involvement.
D.Schedule additional status update meetings to keep them informed.

Question 160 
You review the WBS of your project and realize that due to the lack of in-house expertise, some of the deliverables will need to be outsourced to a vendor. 
However, the requirements for these deliverables are not well-understood at the moment. Therefore, you decide that the outsourced portion of work will 
need to be managed using an agile framework.
What is your best approach in negotiating an agreement with the vendor?
A.Seek an informal agreement rather than a formal contract
B.Secure a fixed-price contract for the outsourced scope
C.Negotiate aggressively for the most advantageous terms
D.Pursue a shared-risk-reward contract relationships

Question 161 
During a sprint retrospective, the team members complain that the business analyst has been unresponsive to clarify the work package to be developed in 
the sprint. As a result, the work package has not been accepted by the customer. The project manager reaches out to the business analyst and requests 
them to collaborate with the team during the upcoming sprints. 
What else should the project manager do?
A.No further action needed as the problem is resolved
B.Report a work ethics violation to the human resources department
C.Continue monitoring the business analyst's involvement
D.Instruct the team to fix the work package to meet customer needs

Question 162
You are leading a project to replace an aging bridge spanning a river in a heavily populated area. The new bridge would include a pedestrian pathway, that 
is not a feature of the existing bridge. The bridge is well under construction when residents learn the pathway would allow strangers to enter their 
neighborhood at all times. The residents demand the elimination of the pathway. 
What would have been the best course of action to avoid this situation?
A.Identify the pathway as a possible point of contention with stakeholders early in the project
B.Nothing could have been done differently because the project was authorized per the project charter
C.Engage a public relations company to handle community outreach once local residents voiced their disapproval
D.Reroute the pathway entrance during construction to an old railway trail instead of the local street

Question 163 
Your company has been contracted by a client for a software development project. The project will use agile methods to deliver product increments. For 
the client, however, this project will be their first experience with agile. You want to make sure that the client gains the full benefit of early and continuous 
delivery of software.
What is your best course of action?
A.Develop a change management plan to address the inevitable changes
B.Request the client to take part in product testing to speed up delivery
C.Gain alignment with the client on the timing of project deliverables
D.Instruct the project team to develop all features in a single release

Question 164 
A project manager and team are in the process of finalizing all project activities. They have obtained final acceptance and transferred ownership of 
deliverables, collated lessons learned, archived all project documents, and obtained feedback from relevant stakeholders. Finally, the project manager and 
team have been released and reassigned to other assignments. 
Based on the information provided, what might have been forgotten?
A.Reviewing project requirements
B.Verifying project deliverables
C.Sharing the final project report
D.Conducting benefit analysis

Question 165 
A company is experiencing exponential growth and will soon run out of space in their current production facility. A needs assessment has been completed 
to evaluate alternatives. One of the options to support future growth is to build an expansion on to their existing production facility.
What should the company do next?
A.Collect requirements and develop the project management plan
B.Understand the business goals and objectives to recommend proposals
C.Prepare the business case and benefits management plan
D.Develop the project charter and identify the key stakeholders

Question 166 
A project manager is developing the communications management plan. She has determined which stakeholders need what information and how often 
she will distribute the various reports. 
What else should the project manager do as part of this process?
A.Determine the information needs of the stakeholders
B.Determine how the information will be transmitted
C.Measure the effectiveness of the communications
D.Submit a change request to update the communications management plan

Question 167 
The development team completed 24 of the planned 28 story points for the sprint. During the sprint review, the customer approves the completed 
deliverables, but he admonishes the team as being lazy and incompetent for failing to complete the entire sprint backlog.
How should the project manager respond?
A.Meet with the customer in private and challenge them to be more respectful to the team
B.Discuss the reasons for the failed sprint during the next daily standup meeting
C.Encourage the team to commit to completing fewer story points for the next sprint
D.Challenge the team to work on their days off until they cover the shortfall

Question 168 
A vendor has been contracted by a buyer to develop a new device. The vendor insisted that the contract thoroughly capture the device specifications. The 
buyer does not have clear requirements upfront and, therefore, requested that the vendor develop the device using agile. The vendor delivers as per the 
contract, but the buyer is not satisfied with the outcome. 
Which Agile Manifesto's value was most likely not appropriately applied?
A.Business people and developers must work together
B.Individuals and interactions over processes and tools
C.Pair programming over continuous integration
D.Customer collaboration over contract negotiations

Question 169 
A project manager is creating the stakeholder register. He has just completed the stakeholder classifications and needs to update the project roles.
According to the partial stakeholder register below, which individual is most likely to be the project sponsor?
A.John Show
B.Todd Young
C.Marie Smith
D.Tonya Stewart

Question 170 
While the first phase of a construction project was a success, one of the two lead architects suddenly had to resign from her position due to a conflict of 
interest within the company. 
What should the project manager do immediately to manage the team composition?
A.Write a work performance report to generate awareness of the lead architect's departure
B.Update the project organizational chart to reflect the team change
C.Review the change management plan and submit a change request
D.Use float on the critical path to prevent schedule slippage due to this new risk

Question 171 
A global project involves multiple cross-functional teams in different time zones. The project artifacts are stored in a centralized cloud-based repository. 
Despite regular version control and accessibility checks, stakeholders report inconsistent updates to critical documents, creating delays in decision-making.
As the project manager, how should you address this issue while ensuring the repository effectively supports collaboration, version integrity, and 
stakeholder access?
A.Implement automated notifications for every document update to inform all stakeholders in real-time.
B.Introduce a decentralized repository system for each region to reduce dependency on a single repository.
C.Establish clearly defined document ownership, update schedules, and real-time synchronization protocols.
D.Transition to physical artifacts for high-priority documents to ensure reliability and accuracy.

Question 172 
During the project's execution phase, a team member suggests modifying a process to improve efficiency. The project manager wants to address this 
change request properly. 
What should the project manager do first?
A.Implement the change immediately to save time.
B.Document the change request and evaluate its impact on project objectives.
C.Reject the change as it might disrupt the project timeline.
D.Present the change request to the sponsor without review.

Question 173 
The latest software released to the customer in the first project phase is full of defects. The customer is angry and demands that the development of the 
new release, which is planned to be delivered in the second phase, is much more transparent. The customer wants to see the team's results more regularly 
and without very long development intervals in-between. 
Which of the following could the project team introduce in the second phase to better comply with the customer's demand? (Choose four.)
A.A cadence with regular timeboxes
B.Regular and frequent retrospectives
C.Optimization at the level of each individual team member
D.Test-driven development practices
E.Incremental delivery using a backlog
F.Limiting the number of changes before the software is released

Question 174
Midway into an iteration, an agile team faces a minor technical issue. One of the team members recalls that the project manager is an expert in the field 
from her past experience as a senior developer. The team requests that the project manager help resolve the issue.
What should the project manager do first?
A.Let the team resolve the issue
B.Help the team resolve the issue
C.Resolve the issue for the team
D.Consult with the product owner

Question 175 
You are the project manager for a project that is in its early stages. During a meeting, your boss informs you that senior management would like you to 
include a particular staff member on your project team because of their necessary expertise. You have not recruited any other team members, and the 
project has not even been formally authorized yet.
How should you handle senior management's request?
A.Deny the request because the project manager should be the one to acquire project resources.
B.Accept the request, since identifying specific resources for the project can occur as part of the early planning process.
C.Accept the request only after you have finished creating the project management plan.
D.Deny the request since you have not had an opportunity to verify that the individual has the proper skills.

Question 176 
A project manager must determine the execution strategy for a government-funded infrastructure project with significant financial constraints. The project 
requires coordination between multiple contractors, fixed budgets, and a phased rollout to mitigate risks.
Which execution strategy should the project manager recommend?
A.Agile execution with frequent iterations
B.Predictive execution with phased contracting
C.Incremental execution with rolling wave planning
D.Hybrid execution using Agile and Predictive elements

Question 177 
You are preparing for an upcoming software development project. The project will be initiated and planned using a predictive approach, while the 
development team will use Kanban. A budget has been established for training, and you need to determine how to allocate those funds.
What is your best course of action?
A.Send the development team to a seminar on maximizing WIP
B.Provide training to transform T-shaped people into I-shaped people
C.Deliver training to convert l-shaped people into T-shaped people
D.Train the team on how to best prioritize the features to be developed

Question 178 
After a few iterations, new features have been requested and added to the project backlog. Senior leadership has provided additional funding and 
approved a new project timeline. However, a team member mentions that the project charter is no longer in alignment with the updated project backlog.
What action should the project manager/agile leader take to resolve the issue?
A.Ask the team member to revise the project charter and submit it to the project sponsor for approval
B.Take ownership of the issue and work with the project sponsor to revise the project charter
C.Capture the risk of misalignment between the project backlog and the charter in the risk register
D.Empower the project team members to develop and implement their own project charter

Question 179 
The project team reports that they have finished creating the requirements management plan, the requirements documentation, and the requirements 
traceability matrix. The team states that they are going to start working on the project work breakdown structure (WBS) next.
What has the project team forgotten to do?
A.Create the project scope statement
B.Complete the project management plan
C.Update the lessons learned register
D.Begin validating the scope

Question 180 
You are drafting a stakeholder engagement plan for a software development project. The product will be built using a scrum framework. You want to 
ensure that the stakeholders' level of influence on product development is analyzed and categorized.
What is your best course of action?
A.Submit a change request to update the stakeholder register
B.Wait until the stakeholders attend the first sprint review
C.Suggest that the product owner use a power/influence grid
D.Conduct the analysis yourself using hierarchical charts